[16.0][ADD] helpdesk_ticket_partner_response: New module helpdesk_ticket_partner_response (#674)
OCA/helpdesk: helpdesk_ticket_customer_response/readme/CONFIGURE.md

> You need to setup the source stages when ticket is answered by customer and the destination stage.
> To setup this  configuration you have to go to Helpdesk > Settings > Teams > Automatic change stage when customer answered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set ticket source and destination stages from where if a message by the partner is posted autopdation have to be triggered.
To setup this  configuration you have to go to Helpdesk > Settings > Teams > Autoupdate ticket stage
```
